In last class we have talked about the 
1) Fixed Capital : Fixed capital includes the assets 
	and capital investments, such as property, plant, and 
	equipment that are needed to start up and conduct business, 
	even at a minimal stage. These assets are considered fixed 
	in that they are not consumed or destroyed during the actual 
	production of a good or service but have a reusable value. 
2) Working Capital:  Working capital is the amount of 
		available capital that a company can readily use for
 		day-to-day operations. It is a measure of a company's 
		liquidity, operational efficiency,and its short-term 
		financial health.

Example to understand:   Let us consider the example of business person who makes a living 
from selling samosas. In this case the final finished product is samosa and the raw materials 
that are required for it preparation are consider as the working capital. This includes potatoes, onions,
 chilies, flour, oil and so on where the investment that is made on the equipment required for its 
preparation which includes the stove, gas or any other fuel involved etc are termed as fixed capital.


Type of sales arrangement.
The typical arrangements involved during the sale are :
1)Credit sale : The term “credit sales” refers to a transfer 
		of ownership of goods and services to a customer in which the
 		amount owed will be paid at a later date. In other words, credit
 		sales are those purchases made by the customers who do not render
 		payment in full at the time of purchase

Immediate sale : refers to sale in which the finished products are sold to the customers
 		immediately after their production. It results in immediate cash flow unlike the credit sale 
		where the payment is delayed. Immediate sale allows the companies to efficiently manage the 
		various costs involved on the finished goods such as the salary of its employees, credit sale, 
		raw material costs, processing costs etc.


Money blocked in following 
1) Raw material
2) Credit sale
3)Finished good
4)Working process
5)Cash 

We try to optimize working capital cycle and therby reducing the cost involved.
Then we talked about the 

Types of working capital
1) Inadequate working capital : means shortage of working capital to meet the day to day operating activities of the business concern.
Its disadvantages:
• Cannot pay its short-term liabilities in time. Thus, it will lose its reputation and shall not be able to get good credit facilities.
• It cannot buy its requirements in bulk and cannot avail of discounts, etc.

2)  Excessive Working Capital: 
•It means idle funds which earn no profits for the business and hence the business cannot earn a proper rate of return on its investments.
• When there is a redundant working capital, it may lead to unnecessary purchasing and accumulation of inventories causing more chances of theft, waste and losses.

Form of ownership 
1)Sole Proprietorship
The sole proprietorship is the simplest business form under
 which one can operate a business.It simply refers to a person
 who owns the business and is personally responsible for its
 debts. It can operate under the name of 
its owner or it can do business under a fictitious name.

Advantages::
It is a popular business form due to 
its simplicity, ease of setup, and nominal cost,flexibility.
Disadvantage::
 is that the owner remains personally liable for all the business's debts.

2)Partnership
A business partnership is a legal relationship that is most often formed by a
 written agreement between two or more individuals or companies. The partners
 invest their money in the business, and each partner benefits from any profits 
and sustains part of any losses.

Advantages of partnerships:
•Easy to get started
•Sharing the burden
•Access to knowledge, skills, experience and contacts
•More partners, more capital

Disadvantages:
•The business has no independent legal status
•Potential for differences and conflict
•Slower, more difficult decision making

At last we discuss about the Private Limited companies and they have low risk and limited parternship
and Public issued companies , they have high risk , huge money involved